1) Why is there such a "learning curve" when learning a traditional programming
language such as Java?
There is a learning curve when learning a programming language because you have to learn the language at your own rate.

2) What is learning to program ultimately about?
Learning to program is ultimately about learning to think logically and to approach problems methodically. 

3) How does Scratch "lower the bar" to programming?
Scratch "lowers the bar" in programming by making the problem like a puzzle and fitting the peices accordingly. 

4) What is a statement in a programming language?
A statement is a directive that tells the computer to do something.

5) What is a Boolean expression?
A Boolean expression is an expression that is either true or false.

6) What is a conditional statement?
A condition is something that must be true in order for something to happen.

7) What is a loop used for in a programming language?
A loop is used to repeat a statement.

8) What is the difference between a local variable and a global variable?
Local variables can only be used by one sprite, whereas global variables can be used by every sprite.

9) What is a Boolean variable?
A Boolean variable is a variable that can only take a value of true or false.

10) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered threads?
Any block in scratch who's label begins with "when" is considered a thread.

11) Which type of blocks in Scratch can be considered event handlers?
The blocks who's label reads "when I recieve" are considered event handlers.

12) How many sprites are implemented in Oscartime?
There are nine sprites in Oscartime.

13) How many threads are used to display the Oscartime game instructions?
There is only one thread to display the game's instructions.

14) How many threads are used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite?
There are three threads used by Oscartime's Oscar sprite.

15) What programming constructs does Scratch NOT support?
Scratch doesn't support methods, parameters, return values, inheritance, and polymorphism.
